Task 2
Write up a paragraph comparing the number of collisions, probe length and running time found when
loading each dictionary against the best combination found using the Linear Probing hash table.

Linear probing forms Primary Clustering which once formed, the bigger the cluster gets, the faster it grows.
This reduces the performance severely. 

Where as Quadratic probing forms Secondary Clustering. It is an attempt to keep clusters from forming.
The idea is to probe more widely separated cells, instead of those adjacent to the primary hash site. 
Secondary Clustering is more subtle and not as severe in terms of performance compared to Primary Clustering.



Task 3
Write up a paragraph comparing the performance of
Separate Chaining against linear probing in this case.

In practice, linear probing is typically significantly faster than chaining. This is primarily due to locality
of reference, since the accesses performed in linear probing tend to be closer in memory than the accesses
performed in chained hashing.

There are other wins in linear probing. For example, insertions into a linear probing hash table don't require
any new allocations (unless you're rehashing the table), so in applications like network routers where memory
is scarce, it's nice to know that once the table is set up, the elements can be placed into it with no risk of a malloc fail.

One weakness of linear probing is that, with a bad choice of hash function, primary clustering can cause the
performance of the table to degrade significantly. While chained hashing can still suffer from bad hash functions,
it's less sensitive to elements with nearby hash codes, which don't adversely impact the runtime. Theoretically,
linear probing only gives expected O(1) lookups if the hash functions are 5-independent or if there's sufficient
entropy in the keys. There are many ways to address this, since as using the Robin Hood hashing technique or
hopscotch hashing, both of which have significantly better worst-cases than vanilla linear probing.

The other weakness of linear probing is that its performance significantly degrades as the load factor approaches 1.
You can address this either by rehashing periodically or by using the Robin Hood hashing technique described above.